feature-22401 (#110)
ArrowSphere/public-api-client: doc/billing-preferences.md

# Billing preferences client

## General information
The billing preferences consist of set of preferences such as company main contacts used to generate

> custom billing statements with custom headers. for more information about billing statements [click here](billing-statements.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
custom billing statements with custom headers. For more information about billing statements [click here](billing-statements.md).
```

> This client will gives a uniform access to see and edit your preferences and retrieve your custom billing statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client will give an uniform access to see and edit your preferences and retrieve your custom billing statements.
```
